0x06h - iOS APIs for which explicit user permission not needed (#1845)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x06h-Testing-Platform-Interaction.md

> Some permissions like camera, photos, calendar data, motion, contacts or speech recognition should be pretty straightforward to verify as it should be obvious if the app requires them to fulfill its tasks. For example, a QR Code scanning app [requires the camera](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/avfoundation/cameras_and_media_capture/requesting_authorization_for_media_capture_on_ios "Requesting Authorization for Media Capture on iOS") to function but might be [requesting the photos permission](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/photokit/requesting_authorization_to_access_photos "Requesting Authorization to Access Photos") as well which, if granted, gives the app access to all user photos in the "Camera Roll" (the iOS default system-wide location for storing photos). A malicious app could use this to leak the user pictures. For this reason, apps using the camera permission might rather want to avoid requesting the photos permission and store the taken pictures inside the app sandbox to avoid other apps (having the photos permission) to access them. Additional steps might be required if the pictures are considered sensitive, e.g. corporate data, passwords or credit cards. See the chapter "[Data Storage on iOS](0x06d-Testing-Data-Storage.md)" for more information.
> 
> There is a caveat to above example. In recent versions of iOS, new APIs have been introduced for accessing Photos, which do not require users' permission. For example,  [`UIImagePickerController`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiimagepickercontroller "UIImagePickerController") (iOS 11+) and its modern [replacement](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2020/10652/ "replacement") [`PHPickerViewController`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/photokit/phpickerviewcontroller "PHPickerViewController") (iOS 14+). These APIs runs as a separate process from your app and on using them, the app cannot see the user's whole Photo library, it gets a read-only access just for the images selected by the user.

Reviewer: I've restructured it to show the 2 main points here, please let me know what you think.

```suggestion
Some permissions such as Camera, Photos, Calendar Data, Motion, Contacts or Speech Recognition should be pretty straightforward to verify as it should be obvious if the app requires them to fulfill its tasks. Let's consider the following examples ragarding the Photos permission, which, if granted, gives the app access to all user photos in the "Camera Roll" (the iOS default system-wide location for storing photos):

- The typical QR Code scanning app obviously requires the camera to function but might be [requesting the photos permission](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/photokit/requesting_authorization_to_access_photos "Requesting Authorization to Access Photos") as well. If storage is explicitly required, and depending on the sensitivity of the pictures being taken, these apps might better opt to use the app sandbox storage to avoid other apps (having the photos permission) to access them. See the chapter "[Data Storage on iOS](0x06d-Testing-Data-Storage.md)" for more information reagarding storage of sensitive data.
- Some apps require photo uploads (e.g. for profile pictures). Recent versions of iOS introduce new APIs such as [`UIImagePickerController`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/uikit/uiimagepickercontroller "UIImagePickerController") (iOS 11+) and its modern [replacement](https://developer.apple.com/videos/play/wwdc2020/10652/ "replacement") [`PHPickerViewController`](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/photokit/phpickerviewcontroller "PHPickerViewController") (iOS 14+). These APIs run on a separate process from your app and by using them, the app gets read-only access exclusively to the images selected by the user instead of to the whole "Camera Roll". This is considered a best practice to avoid requesting unnecessary permissions.
```

#### Testing for Mixed Content

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
